10 do I make if you know make your yahoo
source is a group of extremely creative
people who want to make a difference in
the world we get together in a spirit of
creation and open sharing which is what
it's about community this year the theme
of source is the great expression you
know everyone is comparing right now the
time that we're living in right now with
the Great Depression and this is sort of
us encouraging and supporting the idea
and the thought that we don't have to
choose that reality again for ourselves
that we as community and as an island as
a nation as humankind can begin to
choose like a new paradigm paradigm
anybody who comes to the festival is
going to bring a gift for artists it
often is a painting or an installation
and last year we had a beautiful setup
on the walls but we wanted to step it up
a little bit and have a gallery showing
and again you know the idea is really
creating community and generating
inspiring artists and inspiring people
who are not necessarily calling them
started self artists to become artists
to tap that creativity inside themselves
that's why we have a talent show it's
just another fish
Friday night I believe we have a fire
garden which is an interactive fire arts
display that brings people up close and
personal tooth fire Saturday night's
going to be our main Conclave burn worm
we're inviting all fire dancers and fire
installations to participate in a main
show that we're going to be organizing
and preparing at source itself Sunday
night sources asked our local Maui Fire
troupe merkava fire productions to
perform while we light the main ceremony
of a wonderful artist named Mavis and
her burning basket there's going to be
impromptu fire dancing along the way
you